if you're my best friend I should have
to ask you to lie for me I shouldn't
have to ask your permission for me to
put you in my life you know why cuz
you're my best friend
that's your job then we sign up and fit
we best friends
that means that my it's your
and your it's my
if you my real best friend you
should alright need you like me but look
on my face if I'm looking at you and I'm
not blinking if I'm like this that's a
goddamn sign that means a got the
jump on us my back is against the wall
this is not a test
it's the real deal help me help me
[Applause]
coming house right coming houses like
4:00 in the morning I'm drunk people
drunk as
I have no balance I'm all over the place
rocking back forth soon as I walk in
house she wakes up she goes off you know
what I'm sick of this I know you
probably out with some you just
probably messing with some now I'm
drunk I don't want to respond cuz I
don't have any balance I'm rocking back
and forth
you don't look believable when you're
rocking back and forth so I had to
choose the stance and which I look
believable so I chose this I said let me
tell you something listen to me when
nobody wouldn't know okay you
wrong
matter of fact to prove you wrong I'm
gonna call Harry Harry not expecting me
to call right now so Harry don't had no
reason to lie and I'm gonna put it on
speakerphone like to make you feel
stupid
watch this watch how stupid you
feel watch watch this hey Harry Harry
real quick don't lie where we coming
from right now he said man you was with
that with us fat ass no no no no
no no
no no no no
No yeah
[Music]
[Applause]